TCS All India NQT Hiring | Batch of 2026, 2025 & 2024
Apply from here: https://www.tcs.com/careers/india/tcs-all-india-nqt-hiring?utm_source=WhatsApp&utm_medium=Mailer&utm_campaign=TCS-NQT-Hiring-2025-2026

TCS invites top talent to apply for Prime & Digital Cadre opportunities.
Launch your career with higher CTC opportunities at TCS — Prime & Digital*

Offer Category
Experience: 0 to 1 year

CTC Range - UG
Prime
UG: 9.09 LPA - 9.30 LPA
PG: 11.59 LPA - 11.80 LPA

Digital
UG: 7.09 LPA - 7.30 LPA
PG: 7.39 LPA - 7.60 LPA

Actual Compensation basis work experience and Job location.

Your AI‑ready future starts here. Step in and shape what’s next with TCS.
Registration Start Date: 18 February 2026
Registration End Date: 20 March 2026
Test Date: 10 March 2026 Onwards


Application Process:

(Note: Please go through the FAQ’s before your register and fill the form)

Step 1. Log in to the TCS NextStep Portal  Opens in new tab

Step 2. Register and Apply for the Drive

Scenario A: If you are already a registered user under TCS NextStep Portal, 'IT’ category, kindly log in with your TCS Reference ID (CT/DT reference number). It is mandatory to click on 'Apply For Drive' option to complete your registration.
Scenario B: If you are a new user, kindly click on ‘Register Now’, choose category as “IT” and proceed to fill in your details. It is mandatory to click on 'Apply For Drive' option to complete your registration.
The application form can be filled after the test results are declared.

Step 3: Select the skill on which you wish to be evaluated.

Step 4: Select In-centre mode of test, choose your 3 preferred test centers and click ‘Apply’.

Kindly note that allocation of test centre will depend on the centre availability.

Step 5: Select the 3 preferred job cities

Step 6: To confirm your status, check "Track Your Application". The status should reflect as "Applied for Drive".


Important Note:

You must have all your original academic documents to date, to be submitted at the time of the Interview (if interview shortlisted).
Communication related to the test will be provided by our official test partner, TCS iON.
TCS does not send any hiring related communication or job offers from email ids such as Gmail, Rediffmail, Yahoo Mail, Hotmail etc.
TCS does not ask candidates to deposit money for any employment offer.
TCS is not associated with any external agency/company to conduct interviews or make offers of employment, on its behalf.
Do note, meeting TCS eligibility criteria is mandatory. We will review the candidate’s eligibility at every stage of the selection process and if found ineligible or if the declared details are discrepant, the candidature will be disqualified.

Helpdesk:
For any assistance, please reach out to TCS Helpdesk Team
Email ID: ilp.support@tcs.com | Toll-Free Helpline No: 18002093111

Test Eligibility 
Highest Qualification: TCS All India NQT Hiring is exclusively open to for the Batch of 2024, 2025 and 2026 - Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.)/Bachelor of Engineering (B.E)/Master of Technology (M.Tech.)/Master of Engineering (M.E)/Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A)/Master of Science (M.Sc./M.S) in any specialization offered by AICTE/UGC recognized universities/colleges.

Hiring Categories - Nature of Work
For Prime Candidates:

Complex projects with advanced technologies and algorithms
Exploration of emerging tech for industry applications
Integrate system designs using tech, automation and robust security practices
For Digital Candidates:

Projects on solution development and integration 
Drive internal initiatives focused on modern technologies
Contribute to TCS' ventures in pioneering new product developments
Develop tech frameworks and tools for enhanced capabilities
For Ninja Candidates:

Projects on application development and maintenance
Enhance systems engineering for better efficiency

Test Features:

TCS NQT will be conducted in TCS iON Centers.
TCS NQT is an integrated test consisting of two sections: Foundation and Advanced.
While all are encouraged to attempt both sections, ‘Advanced section’ is mandatory if you aspire for a Digital or Prime offer.
Based on the test performance, candidates will qualify for Prime, Digital or Ninja interviews.
Test Pattern:

Sections

Duration (in mins)
Part A - Foundation Section 75 mins
  Numerical Ability -  25mins

  Verbal Ability   -   25 mins
 
  Reasoning Ability  -  25 mins

Part B - Advanced Section - 115 mins

  Advanced Quantitative & Reasoning Ability  - 25 mins
  Advanced Coding   -    90 mins

Total Duration   - 190 mins

Note: TCS does not ask candidates to deposit any money at any stage of the recruitment process.
